README.md, before:

# trainasone-connectiq
TrainAsONE Connect IQ app

This is a prototype Connect IQ app to download workouts from the
https://trainasone.com AI running coach. It is *extremely* barebones.

Requirements
- Garmin device or simulator with ConnectIQ 2.x & advanced workouts (see below)
- Allocated ClientId and ClientSecret from garmin@trainasone.com

Current functionality
- Authenticate against TrainAsONE server via OAuth2
- Download next planned workout to device
  - Run next planned workout
  - Refetch next planned workout
  - Login as different TrainAsONE user

Target devices (not all tested yet)
- D2 Charlie
- Fenix 5
- Fenix 5S
- Fenix 5X
- Fenix Chronos
- Forerunner 735xt
- Forerunner 935
- Quatix 5
- Vivoactive 3

To build
- Install Eclipse with Garmin ConnectIQ plugin and configure
- Checkout this repository
- Copy source/Config.mc.template to source/Config.mc
- Obtain ClientId and ClientSecret from garmin@trainasone.com
- Make the world a better place (hoo!)

Source formatting preferences
- 2 character spaces
- Use spaces rather than tabs
- Unix line endings

Commit message:

Make additional request to fetch WorkoutSummary
This allows us to implement:
- Remember last downloaded workout for when no Internet access #2
- Indicate date/time of next workout #6

Also, better handle devices which cannot download FIT workouts - we can
at least show the next workout details to at least tease the owner

Drop the SDK version for now to allow running on non CIQ 2.x

README.md, after:

# trainasone-connectiq
TrainAsONE Connect IQ app

This is a prototype Connect IQ app to download workouts from the
https://trainasone.com AI running coach. It is quite barebones.

Requirements
- Garmin device or simulator with ConnectIQ 2.x & advanced workouts (see below)
- Allocated ClientId and ClientSecret from garmin@trainasone.com

Current functionality
- Authenticate against TrainAsONE server via OAuth2
- Download next planned workout to device
  - Run next planned workout
  - Refetch next planned workout
  - Login as different TrainAsONE user

Target devices (ConnectIQ 2.x running with PersistedContent)
- D2 Charlie
- Fenix 5
- Fenix 5S
- Fenix 5X
- Fenix Chronos
- Forerunner 735xt
- Forerunner 935
- Quatix 5
- Vivoactive 3 (Waiting for Garmin to confirm if PersistedContent is supported)

When run on other devices it should still show the next workout, but
will not be able to download to the device.

To build
- Install Eclipse with Garmin ConnectIQ plugin and configure
- Checkout this repository
- Copy source/Config.mc.template to source/Config.mc
- Obtain ClientId and ClientSecret from garmin@trainasone.com
- Make the world a better place (hoo!)

Source formatting preferences
- 2 character spaces
- Use spaces rather than tabs
- Unix line endings
